investors are running they are fleeing
from China why is that the case what is
the Crackdown involved in all of this
and I'm going to show you why we are
seeing what we're seeing with Imports
with exports with the stimulus that's
going on all of that and more let's
begin I'm going to show you some details
right now in this video and I wanted to
begin with one of the most important and
that is called the China credit impulse
this is generally regarded as a very
good indication not just for China but
for the United States because what
happens in China after a few months ends
up coming around and so when you tend to
see the China credit impulse at low
levels that means that there's potential
deflationary forces coming towards the
U.S when it's at high levels it's
inflationary forces and so right now we
are seeing a little bit of an an uptick
here but it is still lower than where it
was you know a couple years ago so I
wanted to make that very clear the
stimulus that we are seeing is front and
center we'll talk more about stimulus in
a minute I'm going to give you an
overview of what we're going to see
today as well you need to understand
that better yields are available in the
US you've got better short-term
prospects in the US right now and that
has really changed the investor
sentiment I'm going to give you the Bank
of America fund manager survey and what
they are saying who's that what's that
we're talking about hundreds of these
big time money managers and you know
they are the ones that are having you
know hundreds of billions of dollars
between them managing this and so it's
worth paying attention to although they
can disagree sometimes my much certain
uncertainty in China as the New World
Order has emerged so we've seen a lot of
talk with the bricks and everything and
the world I believe is trying to figure
out where this all ends up so
uncertainty always creates like in sales
you would want to create certainties so
you can get the purchase Whenever there
is some level of uncertainty you'd have
people just kind of stepping back and
that's going on no question today China
and a handful of other countries are
buying gold I'll give you the details of
that later on in this episode and we
have some Crackdown concerns all of
these things are really key and actually
intertwine so if you stick with me
throughout this video I'm going to give
you those details we have the China
credit impulse yes but what about this
China growth expectations back to lock
down lows are you kidding me and this
shows us that the average investor the
big investor
does not want to put their money inside
of China now but that might be changing
I'm going to tell you why
this is the truth okay
China policy expectations are low Beyond
measures targeting real estate you could
see that so 55 percent targeted stimulus
for real estate property Market that's
what they believe the policy will be
centered around inside of China this is
where the market is hurting the most no
question
and so the average investor here
believes that you know overwhelmingly
it's going to be targeted towards the
real estate market although
um that certainly could be where the
most of it is I don't think it's going
to stop there biggest jump ever in U.S
allocation versus Emerging Market stock
allocation and so right now as I said a
moment ago you've got a lot of money
flowing into the United States you're
going to get a better yield when money
market funds are giving five percent
that looks very attractive as opposed to
another country who they're saying I
don't know whether what's the situation
it's a concern so for an investment has
been fleeing China right now so that's
important not saying oh you know it's
all ending today no not at all I'm just
talking about very short term and we got
to pay attention to this take advantage
so at the end of this video I'll give
you ways that you could be taken
advantage of that of course but I want
to show you something that I find often
the media won't cover look trying to
create an Impulse I told you about that
and this is like just to be clear about
the China credit impulse although I've
covered it many times before I know not
everybody watches all the episodes
imagine the amount of loans inside of
China that's what it is it's a form of
stimulus in that case loans inside of
China over the GDP so over the economy
but all you need to know is higher means
more loans lower means less loans so
when you've got those loans that means
there's productivity that means that the
engine is churning
so that's the first thing and then we
have this China new Credit Data so when
we look at all systems financing as well
as new loans both of these have moved up
in the short term as well China's August
new bank loan jumped more than expected
more policy steps are also expected here
and so that's important just to see that
they are going through the stimulus and
that is the key indicator which we'll
talk about in a second we're looking at
the property Market they want to extend
more loans we get that yes China growth
improved modestly in August as the
policy measures helped the economy to
stabilize and that's what they've been
looking for mortgage loans rebounded
which indicates that the rate cuts and
the policy easing in the property sector
help to boost buyer sentiment very short
term I don't want to you know obviously
say that this is a trend now it is too
early for that but we know that this is
the case okay so that's the one part but
I want to show you something else when
we look at imports and exports when we
see the balance in between the United
States and China it's very delicate let
me tell you so we're going to talk about
the imports and exports and wanted to
show you something interesting China now
accounts for a smaller share of total
U.S Imports then back in 2016 while
Mexico and Canada now account for larger
shares so this is comparing November
2016 to September 2022 and you could see
it for yourself
it is important to note
that I believe that this is probably
going to get stronger there's no
question however does it necessarily
mean that they're not dealing with China
and that other countries are not going
to increase their trade with China this
is just something happening between the
United States and China and of course
you are going to have more countries
setting up shop in Mexico not in the US
let's be honest the the so-called
onshoring uh isn't really going to get
popular and factories are not going to
open up necessarily
in Canada either but the point is Mexico
can become a big base for China and you
know to bring those at least within a
tariff-free environment it is not
without its problems Mexico has its own
issues of course and there's a lot of
concern there on different levels but
that's happening the data's there
whether or not it's going to be good or
not we'll see
China's export slump eases despite
Global demand pressures okay so things
have changed and all I'm trying to
highlight is that in the shorter term we
have more stimulus measures that have
taken place all kinds of different
stimulus and we have data that has
appeared to show that there's more
lending going on more loans and that a
lot of the different indications have
bottomed out when I looked at the
a bunch of different indicators actually
just recently it looked like they either
bottomed or had started to come up too
early for a trend but if you pay
attention hit thumbs up on this video
you'll likely to get the next video I do
about China so that I can give you those
details early on the trend but I did see
many different indications that this
potentially with all that stimulus
they're putting in could put a floor in
you know their economic weakness that
they're experiencing dominating Seaport
trade traffic I thought this was an
incredible being somebody who's
constantly bringing stuff overseas all
the time dealing with you know big
shipments and things and you know I'm
always interested and here you go you
could see the domination of China this
infographic visualizes the countries
with the highest container poor traffic
looking at this
263 million for China what about the
next one the next one in line number two
in line the USA 61 million then you go
down Singapore 37 million South Korea 30
million and on and on okay and if you
want that link in the description under
the sources it is very clear China
dominates in this place why because
there was this Grand idea to Offshore of
all that manufacturing to China so that
we can lower the levels of inflation
that people experience so that you can
go to the dollar store and buy something
for a dollar or two dollars or even five
dollars now
that might cost let's say twenty dollars
or fifteen dollars whatever the case is
if you had to buy that manufactured in
your own
a place so of course this has been very
successful so that people can buy a
whole bunch of things they probably
don't even need Central Bank gold buying
continued hot in July I know this is
July but the article is uh brand new
you're gonna get older data because it
takes a long time to move through so
this is the most recent data showing
that and you could see World gold
Council talking about turkey
but if we go down to China adding 23
tons looking further and further through
it you just see that these It's usually
the emerging markets that are doing this
um I think it's very important where you
know you're going to see yes Poland is
doing that China Russia turkey all these
other countries but it goes uh you know
really deep into it because there's a
lot of buying both for the consumption
but also for the central banks so
they're they're you know they're doing
this on every level so pay attention to
that and it shows you that they don't
want to buy US dollar at least as much
as they did before not just China other
countries as well what is Shadow banking
unpacking the risks for China this is a
very serious concern for China right now
because this is ultimately where it all
ends okay there are crackdowns going on
right now
crackdown's taking place inside of what
they call the local government financing
Vehicles these packages of debt that
they've set up all connected in of
course with the real estate
there's these trillions of dollars out
there and apparently there's a lot of
fraud involved with it there's a lot of
corruption as well and so China is
slamming down their iron fist to
potentially rid themselves of this
problem I don't know what's going to
happen
but in doing so that puts a big question
mark in front of investors do we want to
put our money there
yeah that's a big contrarian bet but do
I want to so that's the big concern
right now
they've got trillions being hidden in
these very opaque systems that you and I
won't know anything about and very few
even on the inside will know anything
about
so be careful watch this this could of
course unravel the whole deal
but it remains to be seen at this time
um I wanted to let you know that if you
want more details about you know where
do where do I get the best plays where
do I look for the stocks and things that
you may not see at the money GPS and you
don't want to just trust in some
YouTuber uh something really good that I
have found recently
um I have a partnership with Seeking
Alpha yeah you can look at the free
stuff the you know the articles on their
website but the paid stuff it's totally
different and you've got really good
um people writing articles in there
including Michael guyed from the lead
lag report who I interviewed a lot of
different people in there in fact their
track record does speak for itself
because in their Alpha picks they are at
I can show you here right now 48 since
their launch back in 2022 and the S P
500 at 17.5 so they've been
outperforming it
so you know I joined the webinars that
they have
um I've done all these different things
and of course Amazon webinars as well
but um what what's really cool about
this is that any piece of information
for any company you're interested in
you're automatically notified it's very
obscure stuff you're going to be able to
know about it and get some real details
if you want that there's a link in the
description I managed to secure 50 bucks
off for this okay just check it out see
if you like if you're a type of a person
who wants to get into investing this is
a great place to to start out there's no
question about that okay take a look
Link in the description all right now
for those who have been like what's this
Compass thing you're all talking about
all the time well Compass is now
available to everybody on Discord this
is what it looks like when you first get
to the page so definitely check out the
Discord down below click on that and
then under announcements you're going to
see the compass right there please let
me know what you think I've had only a
little bit of feedback I want to hear
what you have to say about Compass click
that link Discord in the description now
you waited at this point in the video I
want to tell you what you can do what
you can do of course about this all
these circumstances all right a
contrarian BET right now I wouldn't go
into buying ever Grand stock of course
but a contrarian bet would be Chinese
tech stocks so if you think the bottom
is in this could be an opportunity for
some people out there to get at the
Chinese tech stocks I'm not suggesting
it I'm just saying it's a contrarian bet
watch the imports and exports very
clearly okay specifically between China
and the US that's the number one why
because less connection shows tensions
in between the two and whether that's
coming in the form of soybeans whether
that's coming in form of you know any
any sort of investment this is a a big
concern a lot of concern right now that
we were experiencing whether it's the
Taiwan and China situation or you know
going deeper look for more stimulus and
the more stimulus we see that is bullish
that's what the market wants to see
investors want to see this if China
stimulates more even if it's just small
things here and there here and there
that could be seen as variable-ish and
so we could see that market going up
higher
it more stimulus means the whole world
is getting stimulated and so that can
create more inflation in other parts of
the world I hope you appreciate this
information let me cover what you know
for the comment of the day I wanted to
highlight everybody of the out of the 3
000 people that voted I said let me ask
you the price of oil over the next one
year and overwhelmingly people believe
that the price of oil will go above 100
a barrel
and many people in fact 46 percent have
said over a hundred and fifty dollars a
barrel so thank you very much for voting
on this and sharing your comments of
course I read them all
very interesting stuff I love doing
these polls just to understand where
people's heads at 3 000 people
on this channel are saying it's going
over a hundred dollars a barrel what
about you let me know I'll see on the
next one take care